exhausted traumatized
faces children and their parents sell
what they can along obliterated streets
in the barely recognizable neighborhood
they once called
home the Israeli military first
destroyed KH Yunis with air strikes and
artillery When The War Began as the
thousands who lived here fled Israeli
soldiers moved in occupying the area
until early
April since their withdrawal Palestinian
residents have started to return
Muhammad ganam sits surrounded by Rubble
next to his daughter at his watch repair
store there is no better place to go to
all the places are destroyed as you can
see I try to work in repairing watches
my son's work and even my little
daughter works because we must earn some
money it's a tragedy a catastrophe for
every single one
here Muhammad and his family like the
estimated 1.7 million people displaced
have fled Israel's bombardment time and
time
again for sure threats are still
surrounding all of us regardless which
area we are in we're still facing
dangers no matter where we are soon I
will be 60 years old and I need nothing
from this life but what about my
children and the new generations who
seem to have no bright
future 8 months since the bombing
started after the hamus attacks inside
Israel there is still nowhere totally
safe to hide in the Gaza
Strip families Drive broken Vehicles
fing people and whatever they can
salvage from the wreckage along the
streets where homes businesses schools
once
stood transporting water in the summer
heat once just a chore for children now
a challenge on which survival
depends we have no services at all we
can hardly use our mobile to contact our
relatives the situation is catastrophic
there is danger everywhere the situation
can change at any moment the search for
food water medicine sources of
electricity goes on day and
night I came back to hanun to find my
house a pile of rubble everyone here is
living on the rubble of their homes
there is no drinking water sewage
overflow is everywhere our sixth floor
building was leveled we all displayed to
different places enough is enough we
don't have energy
anymore generations of Palestinians
scarred for life children smile at a
camera too young to understand the
desperate state of their lives too early
to know the depths of the scars they
will have to bear Charles statford Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer